Add runtime changes to release note (#137)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-alpha4-release-note.md

#### New Features

##### Support for providing values for configurable variables with Command Line arguments

Configurable values can be provided with the built-in command-line option -C.

```
-Ckey=value
```

Key syntax:

```
key:= [[orgName .] packageName.moduleName .] variable
```

> Command line arguments are supported for config variables with boolean , int , float , decimal , string and xml types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Command line arguments are supported for configurable variables with boolean , int , float , decimal , string and xml types.
```

Example usages

```ballerina
configurable int port = ?;
```

> If configurable variable defined in the default module.

Reviewer: Do we need to include the single bal file case here?

#### New Features

##### Support for providing values for configurable variables with Command Line arguments

Configurable values can be provided with the built-in command-line option `-C`.

```
-Ckey=value
```

Key syntax:

```

> key:= [[orgName .] packageName.moduleName .] variable

Author: Is the correct wording should be packageName.moduleName just moduleName

```

Command-line arguments are supported for configurable variables with boolean, int, float, decimal, string, and XML types.

Example usages:

```ballerina
configurable int port = ?;
```

> If the configurable variable is defined in the default module or if we are using a single bal file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the configurable variable is defined in the default module or if we are using a single `.bal` file.
```
or 
```suggestion
If the configurable variable is defined in the default module or if we are using a single Ballerina file..
```
@praneesha WDYT?

```
bal run -- -Cport=9090
bal run program.bal -- -Cport=9090
java -jar executable.jar -Cport=9090 
```

If the configurable variable is defined in a different module of the same organization.

```
bal run -- -CpackageName.moduleName.port=9090
java -jar executable.jar -CpackageName.moduleName.port=9090 
```

If the configurable variable is defined in a module of a different organization.

```
bal run -- -CorgName.packageName.moduleName.port=9090 
java -jar executable.jar -CorgName.packageName.moduleName.port=9090 
```

##### Support for locating multiple toml files

Configurable values can be provided in multiple TOML files using the `BAL_CONFIG_FILES` environment variable.

> The file locations can be specified in the environment variable using an OS-specific separator. The precedence order
>  to configure the values will be as specified in the environment variable. If such an environment variable is not specified, the file located in the current directory with the file name `Config.toml` will be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The file locations can be specified in the environment variable using an OS-specific separator. The precedence order will be determined by the order in which the files are specified in the environment variable. If such an environment variable is not specified, the file located in the current directory with the file name `Config.toml` will be used.
```
